feat: repeat order (#1071)
shopware/frontends: .changeset/tidy-comics-attack.md

---
"@shopware-pwa/composables-next": minor
---

> Added `addProducts` function that allows add set of product to the cart

Reviewer: It's not clear in which composable this function is added. My suggestion
```suggestion
`useCart` - Added `addProducts` function that allows adding a set of products to the cart
```
